Document how to debug stream applications using docker-compose or loc… (#212)
spring-io/dataflow.spring.io: content/documentation/pages/1-installation/1-local/2-docker-customize.md

<!--END_TABS-->

## Debugging

Following paragraphs explain how to debug DataFlow (or Skipper) server and/or Stream Applications deployed by them.

<!--TIP-->

In the debug configurations below allays use the local machine `IP` address rather than the `localhost` name!

<!--END_TIP-->

### Debug Stream Applications

For debugging a Stream Applications, when deploying the stream set the application deployment property: [deployer.<appName>.local.debugPort](https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-dataflow/docs/current/reference/htmlsingle/#configuration-local-deployer) to value in the `20000 - 20105`. You can do it directly form the deployment UI panel. For example here we set the `debugPort` to `20075`.

  <img src="../images/scdf-set-app-debug-port.png" alt="SCDF Remote Debug Apps. Set debugPort" width="100"/>

> Open the stream application project in you IntelliJ. Then configure a Remote Debug configuration by setting the `Host:` to the IP address of you local machine (don't use `localhost` but the IP address!) and set the `Port:` to the value used in the deployment property above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the stream application project in your IntelliJ/IDE. Then configure a Remote Debug configuration by setting the `Host:` to the IP address of your local machine (don't use `localhost` but the IP address!) and set the `Port:` to the value used in the deployment property above.
```
